#summary Interfacing ADB Tablets

** this is preliminary information and is subject to change

= What it takes =

  * Teensy 2.0 board - (that's an ATMega32U4 16Mhz board: probably any other board with the same CPU should do like Adafruit's ATMega32U4 Breakout Board+).
  * USB cable (mini-usb to normal USB)
  * S-Video cable OR any 4-pin mini-din connector + wires (either female or male connector will do) OR nothing by directly soldering the wires inside the ADB board.
  * a resistor between 1k and 5k Ohms (5V TTL pull-up).
  * basic electronic soldering equipment and preferably a multi-meter to test out stuff
  * Java installed.
  * The WaxBee software 
  * The Teensy Loader (for Teensy board) -- unnecessary on Windows
  * The appropriate driver for the USB board you are emulating (Wacom Intuos2 typically)

= What to do =

  * Before soldering anything, check that the Teensy board alone works correctly by plugging it into a USB port. Run the WaxBeeConfig tool and try uploading a "test" firmware (like the blinky ones). Note that the Teensy ships with a firwmare that blinks the LED as well). 

If you have a problem connecting, try running the Teensy loader application (from prjc.com) and upload something just to check that it works (again one of the slow/fast Blinky).

  * You have to *solder* 3 wires from the mini-din connector. Essentially:
    * the ADB +5v (red) to any of the "VCC" on the Teensy
    * the ADB ground (black) to any of the "GND" on the Teensy
    * the ADB data bus (green) to "C7" (in the corner) on the Teensy
    * the last ADB pin (PSW/Power On) must be left unconnected. 
  * In addition you have to solder a resistor (Note that this is used as a pull-up and is sometimes called a 'pull-up resistor' or even 'pull-up' for short).

      Check out the ADB pinout on wikipedia:
      [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Desktop_Bus]

      Since each ADB device is meant to be on a "bus" they all sports a male and female mini-din connector. We can connect to any one without a problem.

      Triple-check all your connections and that there is no "cross-overs", etc. A bad short circuit has the potential of permanently damaging the tablet, the Teensy or even your computer.

  * Run the WaxBee configuration tool, follow the instructions (read the bundled html for more help).

  * The Wacom driver of the emulated USB tablet can be installed/re-installed at any time. Always pick the latest drivers.